oh go big
hello all today a new video
for you and this time on the car
driveway source testing but first three again
and julia already imagine
hi i am sandra and i am new weather
outside mi and let's get along with this now
try it
after three years that are liquorice with
chocolate on the side outweigh
I was very curious
development combination but we go
first time uh i have such a workers me
am minutes yes that is the most crazy one
combination I think yes then draw
I have a better idea how high they are
shake of felt missed but then super
all the sport you practice a piece of car in the
car
you are not that big his real bread
oh they are really super front and i like it
truffle
yes it is a bit of an ordinary paul he
can not but 20 red fruit whole
sunnah
so we can enjoy the mouth
are you looking
such an all junk and also such an it
liquid stuff in our nicely busy one
separate combination is the computer
just need rolling pin it is now
present in me again I will give you
first you don't think chocolate group
sometime fish me to do i have been here already
a drop-in show starts to drive
also go this class hey oh
another nice thing you couldn't do alone
this maltese
yes of those chocolate pepernoten yes
these are ways slippery that one and a half
hours but
pingback there countries with a bit of it
feeling the film are brave but could
do so that you were expected then you will come
stiff and that is no raisin yes there is
some calls yes but from the bowl and
ethically short but it is separate anyway
or services with a well I think
really super from ssamjang
so drop and also a chocolate
to me this would actually be the ultimate consul
combinati counts if I somewhere far far
candy then that's it all so it
looks a bit like if so okay
so you go the choice to give you this gift
buffalo when I do my arts
little ones
so how does it work out okay these have
so you and salt from outside went around you
how many
winrar and then you have a drop to
belly is crazy and then it would come anyway
liquid from the chinese but it's that
he is also not particularly positive
another day like that around it so I think
I it's not who's on it
Well I like it, I would score
I offer the chocolates at
Tony's chocolonely bars are also delicious
it would be the last pretty okay I think
that I could not measure measure so
plus 1 yes that is my family biologist
will find this myth this week
the least with which you might be
very curious to know and know how
have connected to my fourth and
otherwise what things I think of it
all the faster and can hold itself and yes
when youtube channel if you like that
stay for our new videos and then
see you again next time
movie